kiki_dev

high

# ohmRemoved can be increased Infinitely. Allowing the amount of ohmMointed to exceed its limit or DOS

## Summary

`LIMIT` is determiend by a modifer that checks if `amount_ + ohmMinted > LIMIT + ohmRemoved`. This is meant to keep users from minting more ohm than the protocol wants. The check occurs everytime a deposit is made. If the check passes the deposit is made and `ohmMinted` is increased by however much ohm was minted. 

Amount recieved can be greater than amount minted when the price of ohm decreases relative to its pair. This is becasue users will get more ohm on withdraw than what they put in on deposit. 

On withdraws `ohmMinted` is reduced by a amount determiend by this conditional `ohmMinted -= ohmReceived > ohmMinted ? ohmMinted : ohmReceived;`. So if at any point `ohmRecieved` i greater than the amount minted then amount minted gets more or less set to 0. After this `ohmRemoved` is increased based on this conditional. `ohmRemoved += ohmReceived > ohmMinted ? ohmReceived - ohmMinted : 0;`. Here if `ohmRecieved` is greater, `ohmRemoved gets increased by `ohmRemoved - ohmMinted`. 

The issue here is that `ohmMinted `just got set to 0 meaning that `ohmRemoved` is actually being increased by the entire amount of `ohmrecieved`. This will lead to the amount of Ohm being minted far exeecing the `LIMIT`. 

Becasue there is no way of lowering ohmRemovedand this variable is always used in the `CanDeposit()` method if someone were to abuse this exploit there is nothing the protocol can do to fix it. Changing the `LIMIT` wouldnt matter becasue `ohmRemoved` will still be added to that value.  

## Vulnerability Detail

Scenario:
Ohm LIMIT is set to 300k
ohm = 10$ 
wstEth = 1k 

Alice deposits 10 wstEth and is minted 1000 ohm to match.
Other users make deposits for a toal of 10 wstEth and 1000 ohm to match 
ohmMinted = 2000

Price of eth goes up to 4k 
ohm relativly flat = 10$

Alice withdraws full amount getting  ~5 wseth and a little over  2k ohm.
due to this check `ohmMinted -= ohmReceived > ohmMinted ? ohmMinted : ohmReceived;` ohm minted = 0. 
due to this check   `ohmRemoved += ohmReceived > ohmMinted ? ohmReceived - ohmMinted : 0; ohmRemoved = 2k. 
Ohm limit is now essentialy 302k.

Bob sees that ohm minted is equal to  0 while there is still users with funds deposited. 
Bob deposits 10 wsteth and 4000 ohm
due to 4000 ohm being minted the price goes down (very very slightly) 
bob immediatly withdraws his full funds recieving ~10wstEth and 4001 ohm 
due to this check `ohmMinted -= ohmReceived > ohmMinted ? ohmMinted : ohmReceived;` ohm minted = 0. 
due to this check   `ohmRemoved += ohmReceived > ohmMinted ? ohmReceived - ohmMinted : 0; ohmRemoved = ~6k.
Ohm limit is now essentially 306k

Bob can repeat this at next to no cost. At first ohmRemoved will grow to a point where users can mint much more ohm than the protocol intened. 
If Bob were motivated enough he could repeat this attack until ohmRemoved is so big that deposits and withdraws are impossible due to ohmRemoved reverting. In this scenario the 10wstEth from the other users will be locked in the contract. 

Even though both depoist and withdraw have the nonReentrant modifier. There is nothing stopping bob from implementing an attack contract that has a function like this. 

    function runOhmRemovedUp(uint x, uint256 _amount, uint256 _slippageParam, uint256[] minOut) public {
        uint256 lpAmount;
        for (uint i; i < x;) {
            lpAmount = victim.depoist(_amount, _slippageParam);
            
            // calculate minOut so that ohm is 1 greater than the amount that was just minted.

            victim.withdraw(lpAmount, minOut, false);

            // update _amount for the maximum that can be deposited
            
            unchecked {
                ++i;
            }
        }
    }

As soon as ohmMinted is at zero either at the start of the of the vault or when their is a price change that more ohm to be withdrawn than deposited. An attacker can implement this contract and in a few transactions he can lock all funds in the contract. Even if all the funds were migrated to a new conrtact an attacker cna do this again and again. 


## Impact
This vulnerability can lead to three things:
1. allowing users to mint a amount of ohm that far excceds the limits set by gthe protocol. 
2. DOS by making `ohmRemoved` so big that `ohmRemoved + LIMIT` causes an overflow. This would make it impossible for users to make deposits.
3. DOS for withdraws, if `ohmRemoved` is big enough users wouldnt be able to make withdraws becasue increasing that variable would cause an overflow. 
## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L276-L277

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Find another way to enfore a limit besides adding `ohmRemoved` to the `LIMIT`. Or cache ohm minted before decreasing it. that way when ohmRemoved is increased ohmMinted isnt 0.