rvierdiiev

high

# User can claim more rewards, because incorrect order in calculation

## Summary
User can claim more rewards, because of wrong calculation
## Vulnerability Detail
When user wants to withdraw then `_withdrawUpdateRewardState` function is called.
This function updates internal reward state and claims rewards for user if he provided `true` as `claim_` param.

In case if user didn't want to claim, and `rewardDebtDiff > userRewardDebts[msg.sender][rewardToken.token]`  then `cachedUserRewards` variable will be set for him which will allow him to claim that amount later.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L583-L590
```solidity
            if (rewardDebtDiff > userRewardDebts[msg.sender][rewardToken.token]) {
                userRewardDebts[msg.sender][rewardToken.token] = 0;
                cachedUserRewards[msg.sender][rewardToken.token] +=
                    rewardDebtDiff -
                    userRewardDebts[msg.sender][rewardToken.token];
            } else {
                userRewardDebts[msg.sender][rewardToken.token] -= rewardDebtDiff;
            }
```
The problem is that `userRewardDebts` was set to 0 before calculation in next line.
As result user have ability to withdraw more rewards.
This can be used by attacker in order to withdraw all rewards from vault.

How this can be used.
1.Suppose that vault has current rewards per share is 5 tokens. And supply is 1000 shares, so 5000 reward tokens(no one yet claimed rewards for simplicity).
2.Attacker need to mint same amount of shares(or he can mint less), so he can use flashloan and then he mints 1000 shares. userRewardDebts for him will be set as 5\*1000=5000(whole internal token balance amount) at the moment of deposit.
3.Then he withdraws all shares and set claim to false. Because of calculation error, cachedUserRewards = rewardDebtDiff which is 5\*1000 = 5000.
4.Then he can call claimRewards in order to receive all balance.

Also attacker can do this several times with less amount of shares.
## Impact
Attacker can steal all reward tokens
## Code Snippet
Provided above
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Change to this.
```solidity
            if (rewardDebtDiff > userRewardDebts[msg.sender][rewardToken.token]) {
                cachedUserRewards[msg.sender][rewardToken.token] +=
                    rewardDebtDiff -
                    userRewardDebts[msg.sender][rewardToken.token];
                 userRewardDebts[msg.sender][rewardToken.token] = 0;
            } else {
                userRewardDebts[msg.sender][rewardToken.token] -= rewardDebtDiff;
            }
```