psy4n0n

high

# Users can claim rewards multiple times.

## Summary

Users can claim rewards multiple times because the userRewardDebts is wrongly set to zero before subtracting from cachedUserRewards.

## Vulnerability Detail

The value of `cachedUserRewards` is wrongly updated here, in the `_withdrawUpdateRewardState`:

```solidity
if (rewardDebtDiff > userRewardDebts[msg.sender][rewardToken.token]) {
                userRewardDebts[msg.sender][rewardToken.token] = 0;
                cachedUserRewards[msg.sender][rewardToken.token] +=
                    rewardDebtDiff -
                    userRewardDebts[msg.sender][rewardToken.token]; //@audit this would always be zero?
            } else {
                userRewardDebts[msg.sender][rewardToken.token] -= rewardDebtDiff;
            }
```

The value of `userRewardDebts[msg.sender][rewardToken.token]` is subtracted from rewardDebtDiff, but it has being zeroed out in the previous line. Which means the value of `cachedUserRewards[msg.sender][rewardToken.token]` would be `cachedUserRewards[msg.sender][rewardToken.token] + rewardDebtDiff` . This means that the `userRewardDebts` value would not be subtracted from it.

The attack path is as follows:

- Call `claimRewards` first. This will first call `_accumulateExternalRewards` to accumulate rewards first and then update external rewards state and then call `_claimExternalRewards` to claim the rewards. Here the value of `userRewardDebts[msg.sender][rewardToken.token]` would be updated to add the rewards that user claimed.
- Next call `withdraw` with `claim_` set as `false`. This would internally call `_withdrawUpdateRewardState` and here because of the bug the value of `cachedUserRewards[msg.sender][rewardToken.token]` would be wrongly updated without taking into consideration the rewards that user already claimed. This value would be updated to `lpAmount_ * rewardToken.accumulatedRewardsPerShare` .
- In the next step user can call `claimRewards` again and the function `externalRewardsForToken` called from `_claimExternalRewards` would return the value of `cachedUserRewards[user_][rewardToken.token] + totalAccumulatedRewards` which can be claimed again.

## Impact

User can claim rewards multiple times.

## Code Snippet

[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L584](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L584)

[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L607](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L607)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Move the line `userRewardDebts[msg.sender][rewardToken.token] = 0;` after this line:

```solidity
cachedUserRewards[msg.sender][rewardToken.token] +=
                    rewardDebtDiff -
                    userRewardDebts[msg.sender][rewardToken.token];
```