kiki_dev

medium

# If user withdraws before claiming rewards user wont be able to claim rewards

## Summary
Users earn rewards by deposting a pair token and leaving it in for an amount of time. Users can either get rewards by calling `claimRewards()` or by withdrawing. 

When a user withdraws there is a parameter for if they want to claim or not. if the user says yes it will claim any rewards owed before making the withdraw. If claim is set to false than itskip the claiming option and withdraw funds. 

The issue here is that if a user for whatever reason decideds to not claim his/her rewards when they withdraw they are actually giving up their rights to that yield allowing other users to take that yield when they claim. 

As every second passes users gain more and more rewards. At no point does it really make sense to opt out of claiming your rewards becasue no matter how short the duration is you should always have some. 

Everytime a users passes through false for `claim` that user is loosing out on yield that they are entitled to. 
## Vulnerability Detail

## Impact
Loss of yyield for all users that withdraw without claiming.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L576

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L255
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Claiming owed rewards  should be automatic whenever withdrawing. Not an option, becasue if they do not claim them on withdraw they will loose out on that yield forever. 