carrot

high

# Partial withdraws break `claimRewards()` function

## Summary
Withdrawing a partial amount of LPtokens causes the subsequent `claimRewards` function aclls to crash, due to underflow errors and even reverts withdraw calls.
## Vulnerability Detail
When withdrawing lpTokens, if an amount less than the current balance is specified, the contract updates the states of the external rewards incorrectly. On subsequent calls, this causes the contract to try and send more tokens than it possesses, causing an arithmetic underflow. This issue arises from this section of the code
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L636-L648

Here the `userRewardDebts` of the external token is incorrectly set to the `reward` value, when in fact it should be tracking the `reward*accumulatedRewardPerShare` value. This massively underestimates the paid out rewards, and forces the contract to pay out rewards it doesn't have, causing an underflow.

Since the withdraw function also goes through this bit of code to calculate external rewards, it also reverts in subsequent calls.
## Impact
Reverts on reward claims and withdrawals. Permanently stuck LP tokens
## Code Snippet
Attached is a simple POC which results in an underflow error. Here a partial amount is withdrawn, (5e10 wei only) and then `claimRewards()` is called. Subsequent calls to claim rewards fail with an underflow error. Ideally, it should return the reward accrued between the withdrawal and the current time.
This test only works on the forked testing, due to how the mock balancer vault is implemented.
```solidity
function testATTACKwithdraws() public {
        _withdrawTimeSetUp();
        vm.startPrank(alice);

        // 1. Withdraw
        liquidityVault.withdraw(5e10, minTokenAmounts_, false);
        liquidityVault.claimRewards();
        vm.warp(block.timestamp + 10);
        // 2. This call fails!
        liquidityVault.claimRewards();
    }
```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
`userRewardDebts` should track the value of `LPAmount * accumulatedRewardPerShare` like in masterchef implementations. 