Udsen

high

# `claimRewards()` CAN BE CALLED MULTIPLE TIMES BY THE USER AND RECIEVE EXCESSIVE INTERNAL REWARDS BEYOND THE ACTUAL ALLOCATION.

## Summary

The `claimRewards()` function in the `SingleSidedLiquidityVault` is implemented to claim user's rewards for all reward tokens. And it is an external function that can be called by any user who has a stake in the liquidity pool. inside the `claimRewards()` function the internal function of `_claimInternalRewards` is called to let the user claim their internal reward tokens. But ones the reward token is claimed the `rewardToken.lastRewardTime` for each internal token is not updated since `_updateInternalRewardState()` is not called to update it. Since a malicious user can claim reward tokens beyond their fair allocation multiple times till the `rewardToken.lastRewardTime` is properly updated.

## Vulnerability Detail

inside the `claimRewards()` function only the `_claimInternalRewards()` function is called. But the `_accumulateInternalRewards()` and  `_updateInternalRewardState()` functions are not called.  Hence the `rewardToken.lastRewardTime` for each internal token is not updated. 

## Impact

Once the `claimRewards()` function is called the internal  `_claimInternalRewards()` will be called. This will check the internal reward allocation for the `msg.sender` using the `internalRewardsForToken()` function. This function calculates the `totalAccumulatedRewards` for the `msg.sender` by taking into consideration the time difference between the `block.timestamp` and `rewardToken.lastRewardTime`. Since the `rewardToken.lastRewardTime` is not updated for each `claimRewards()` function call the lastRewardTime will always remain the old timestamp. Which will give unfair advantable to the user to call the `claimRewards()` function multiple times and receive more reward tokens than his actual allocation.

## Code Snippet

```solidity
    function claimRewards() external onlyWhileActive nonReentrant {
        uint256 numInternalRewardTokens = internalRewardTokens.length;
        uint256 numExternalRewardTokens = externalRewardTokens.length;

        uint256[] memory accumulatedRewards = _accumulateExternalRewards();

        for (uint256 i; i < numInternalRewardTokens; ) {
            _claimInternalRewards(i);
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L288-L295

```solidity
        uint256 lastRewardTime = rewardToken.lastRewardTime;
        uint256 accumulatedRewardsPerShare = rewardToken.accumulatedRewardsPerShare;

        if (block.timestamp > lastRewardTime && totalLP != 0) {
            uint256 timeDiff = block.timestamp - lastRewardTime;
            uint256 totalRewards = timeDiff * rewardToken.rewardsPerSecond;

            // This correctly uses 1e18 because the LP tokens of all major DEXs have 18 decimals
            accumulatedRewardsPerShare += (totalRewards * 1e18) / totalLP;
        }

        // This correctly uses 1e18 because the LP tokens of all major DEXs have 18 decimals
        uint256 totalAccumulatedRewards = (lpPositions[user_] * accumulatedRewardsPerShare) -
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L354-L372

## Tool used

VS Code and Manual Review

## Recommendation

It is recommended to call `_accumulateInternalRewards()` function before the `for` loop and  `_updateInternalRewardState()` function inside the for loop before the `_claimInternalRewards` function is called. This will update the `rewardToken.lastRewardTime` for each internal reward token before the internal reward claim for the `msg.sender` is transferred.