usmannk

high

# Attackers may steal reward tokens due to incorrect withdrawal accounting.

## Summary

The SSLV maintains a debt and reward accumulator for each user. When a reward is claimed, the difference between the user's rewards and debt is sent to them, and this difference is added to the debt. Users may abuse a bug in withdrawal accounting to clear their debt and claim excess rewards.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `_withdrawUpdateRewardState` function caches unclaimed rewards on withdrawal so that users may claim them at a later time. If the unclaimed rewards are greater than the user's total debt, the debt is cleared on withdrawal and the difference (aka rewards to be paid out) is cached.

However, the debt is mistakenly cleared out _before_ calculating and caching the rewards. So users are recredited with both rewards they have claimed in the past, and also rewards that were accumulated before the user joined the vault. 

This error exists both for internal and external rewards.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L606-L611

An attacker can:

- deposit some amount of tokens (incurring a debt equal to the rewards they would have gotten if they had been in the vault since its inception)
- wait 1 block
- withdraw the tokens
- claim cached rewards

On withdrawal the attacker's `rewardDebtDiff` is greater than their debt, as the former includes 1 second's worth of rewards. So the protocol caches the attacker's rewards as their lpAmount multiplied by the reward token's entire historical accumulatedRewardsPerShare. Because the debt was mistakenly set to 0 _before_ the caching occurred, the subtracted debt is a no-op.

The attacker calls claimRewards to claim their cached rewards, which in all likelihood is the entire reward balance of the protocol.

## Impact

Theft of all rewards in the protocol.

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Clear the user's debt **after** performing the cached rewards accounting.
