cducrest-brainbot

high

# Pool withdraw vulnerable to flash loan

## Summary

The function from `WstethLiquidityVault` to withdraw from the pool will exit the the Balancer pool and get OHM / wstETH in proportion to the current pool balances. If the withdrawer flash loans from the pool before, they can impact the proportion of OHM / wstETH received. 

## Vulnerability Detail

As the `withdraw()` function from `SingleSidedLiquidityVault` will repay (burn) the OHM token to the protocol and only send the pair token (wstETH) to the user, the user is incentivized to flash loan OHM from the pool so he receives more pair token (wstETH).

## Impact

This attack vector is limited by the `_isPoolSafe()` function called at the beginning of `withdraw()` which checks that the on-chain pool price is not more than `THRESHOLD` away from the oracle price. Depending on the value of `THRESHOLD`, the impact is more or less severe. If `THRESHOLD` represents 1%, then the user will be able to get 1% more tokens out of the withdraw than they should.

An attacker could repeatedly deposit / flash loan / withdraw / reimburse flash loan to make a profit until the price of the pool becomes naturally too far from the oracle price. The attacker can then sell their gained pair tokens which could impact the oracle price to lower the price of pair token and attack again.

## Code Snippet

`_withdraw` in `WstethLiquidityVault`

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/WstethLiquidityVault.sol#L179

`withdraw()` in `SingleSidedLiquidityVault`, calls `_isPoolSafe()` and `_withdraw()`, then pays out only pairToken

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L252-L285

`_isPoolSafe()` uses oracle and threshold:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L411-L421

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Use `_valueCollateral()` to withdraw from the pool in a 50/50 usd value split based on oracle price and send out pair token to withdrawer instead of relying on pool balances.
