ronnyx2017

medium

# The check of maximum minting amount from SSLV is inconsistent

## Summary
The max mint amount check in the `_canDeposit` function is inconsistent.

More tokens than the maximum mint amount will circulate in the broader market, which will harm the economic model.

## Vulnerability Detail
When using the `deposit` function to deposit the pairTokens and mint ohm tokens to the SSLV, it will check if the ohm token amount minted from SSLV is less than the max mint limit by the `_canDeposit` function first.
```solidity
if (amount_ + ohmMinted > LIMIT + ohmRemoved) revert LiquidityVault_LimitViolation();
```

But the function does not take into account that OHM tokens ,which have been minted into the SSLV, will be released into the broader market with the swap in the Balancer, instead of being locked in the SSLV.

So the current mint limit should be subtracted the emitted token amount for economic security reasons.

As the calculation method of the `getMaxDeposit` function, which calc the max amount of pair tokens that can be deposited currently. It gets the max amount of the ohm token can be minted currently and then it's divided by pairToken price.

```solidity
uint256 maxOhmAmount = LIMIT + ohmRemoved - ohmMinted - emitted;
```

## Impact
More tokens than the maximum minageable amount will circulate in the broader market, which will harm the economic model.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L406-L409

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L318-L330

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The emitted token amount should be subtracted from the max mint amount.