Udsen

medium

# RETURN VALUE OF `approve` FUNCTION IS NOT CHECKED ON THE `wstETH` TOKEN

## Summary

Inside the `_deposit()` function of the `WstethLiquidityVault` contract, the `address(vault)` is approved to spend the `pairAmount_` amount of  `wstETH` pair token of the `WstethLiquidityVault` contract. This is done by calling the approve function on the `pairToken`. But the return value is not checked. 

## Vulnerability Detail

In some ERC20 implementations the approve function does not always revert and sometimes return a Boolean value to depict the success or failure of the transaction. In the case of `wstETH` ERC20 contract the approve function would return `true` in case of successful approve function execution. But this return value is never checked. 

## Impact

If the return value of the `approve()` function on the `wstETH` token is never checked the transaction execution will proceed further even if the `approve()` function is failed and token amount not correctly approved to the `address(vault)`. Hence this could lead to unexpected behaviour in the code, since the balancer vault will not be able to transfer the required amount of `wstETH` tokens from the `WstethLiquidityVault` contract to the balancer liquidity pool. And will not be able to mint the expected number of LP tokens back to the `WstethLiquidityVault` contract as a result.

## Code Snippet

```solidity
        ohm.approve(address(vault), ohmAmount_);
        pairToken.approve(address(vault), pairAmount_);
        vault.joinPool(pool.getPoolId(), address(this), address(this), joinPoolRequest);
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/WstethLiquidityVault.sol#L131-L133
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/WstethLiquidityVault.sol#L139
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/WstethLiquidityVault.sol#L178

## Tool used

VS Code and Manual Review

## Recommendation

Check the return value of the pairToken approve() function of the return value. And revert the transaction incase of failure of the approve function as shown in the code snippet given below:

```solidity
        ohm.approve(address(vault), ohmAmount_);
        bool success = pairToken.approve(address(vault), pairAmount_);
        require(success, "Failed to approve the pairToken");
        vault.joinPool(pool.getPoolId(), address(this), address(this), joinPoolRequest);
```