kiki_dev

medium

# If reward token is added users will loose thier claim to that token. And those funds will be distributed to undeserving users.

## Summary
Reward tokens need to be added to the protocol manually which means there will be an arbritrary amount of time between when Aura adds a reward token to one of their pools and Olympus adds that token to their protocol. During this arbritrary time whenever a user attempts to claim rewards or withdraw funds they will miss out on these rewards and they will be unaccessible moving forward. 

` auraPool.rewardsPool.getReward(address(this), true)` will retrieve all of the reward tokens that the auraPool has to offer regardless of whether or not the protocol has updated their reward list. 

Because `for (uint256 i; i < numExternalRewards; ) {` only itterates through the number of external reward tokens that the protocol knows about it will skip the newly added token in the accumulation calculations. 

If a user had funds deposted when the new reward token was added to Aura they would be entitled to that yield. 
If a user were to make a withdraw before the admin update the reward list that user would not recieve the yield owed and also wouldnt have access to it in the future becasue they took their funds out. Making another deposit wouldnt account for the misssed yield from before. 

Becasue when a user withdraws funds and `totalLP` is decreased. Other users will get a larger portion of the rewards on this new token when it is added. This extra yield comes at the expense of any user that withdrew during that time between Aura adding the token and Olympus updating their contracts. 
## Vulnerability Detail

See Summary

Every user that withdraws when `externalrewardtokens[]` is not up to date will loose yield on withdraw.
and `externalRewardtoken[]` will inevitably be out of date at some point for some duration of time. 
## Impact

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/WstethLiquidityVault.sol#L195-L198

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add a check to make sure that the nuber of tokens recieved when claiming is equal to the length of `externalrewardtokens[]`