0xbrett8571

high

# Reentrancy attack possible through burnFrom function in Burner contract of Olympus Protocol.

## Summary
The `burnFrom` function transfers OHM tokens from the user's wallet to the contract before burning them. 

However, since the transfer function can execute a contract, an attacker can create a reentrancy attack if the contract being called executes another transfer function, and the process continues indefinitely.

The issue is in the order of execution of the burn and transfer functions, by performing the burn before the transfer, the risk of reentrancy can be reduced, also the vulnerability can be exploited by attackers to steal OHM tokens from the contract.

## Vulnerability Detail
```solidity
ohm.safeTransferFrom(from_, address(this), amount_);
```
This line transfers OHM tokens from the user's wallet to the contract before burning them, and since the `safeTransferFrom` function can execute a contract, an attacker can create a reentrancy attack if the contract being called executes another transfer function, and the process continues indefinitely.

An attacker can exploit this vulnerability by creating a malicious contract that, when called by the `safeTransferFrom` function, re-enters the `Burner` contract, causing the transfer to occur again, and allowing the attacker to execute arbitrary code, such as transferring more tokens out of the `Burner` contract. 

## Impact
Critical.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/Burner.sol#L119

## Tool used

VS CODE.

## Recommendation
It is necessary to perform the burn before the transfer, reducing the risk of reentrancy.

A modified version of the `burnFrom` function that mitigates the reentrancy vulnerability:
```solidity
function burnFrom(
    address from_,
    uint256 amount_,
    bytes32 category_
) external onlyRole("burner_admin") onlyApproved(category_) {
    // Burn the OHM before transferring from the user to this contract
    MINTR.burnOhm(from_, amount_);

    // Emit a burn event
    emit Burn(from_, category_, amount_);
}
```
The Function first burns the OHM tokens from the user's wallet using the `burnOhm` function in the `MINTR` contract and then emits a Burn event. By performing the `burn` before the transfer, eliminating the risk of reentrancy attacks.