ak1

medium

# make sure that no duplicate reward tokens are added.

## Summary

Both `addInternalRewardToken` and `addExternalRewardToken` are used to add the reward tokens by the `liquidityvault_admin`

They are inserted inside the array. 

Though they are controlled by admin, there are no guarantee that the duplicate token is avoided 100%.

When the contract has the `_hasDeposited` map to guarantee that no duplicate user is added in array. But, it is not checking reward tokens.

Since the functions are controlled by the liquidity admin, setting the issue as medium.

## Vulnerability Detail

    function addInternalRewardToken(
        address token_,
        uint256 rewardsPerSecond_,
        uint256 startTimestamp_
    ) external onlyRole("liquidityvault_admin") {
        InternalRewardToken memory newInternalRewardToken = InternalRewardToken({
            token: token_,
            decimalsAdjustment: 10**ERC20(token_).decimals(),
            rewardsPerSecond: rewardsPerSecond_,
            lastRewardTime: block.timestamp > startTimestamp_ ? block.timestamp : startTimestamp_,
            accumulatedRewardsPerShare: 0
        });


        internalRewardTokens.push(newInternalRewardToken);
    }

    function addExternalRewardToken(address token_) external onlyRole("liquidityvault_admin") {
        ExternalRewardToken memory newRewardToken = ExternalRewardToken({
            token: token_,
            decimalsAdjustment: 10**ERC20(token_).decimals(),
            accumulatedRewardsPerShare: 0,
            lastBalance: 0
        });


        externalRewardTokens.push(newRewardToken);
    }

In above code snippet, both internal and external token data are inserted inside an array without checking the duplicate. Sine it is array there could be human error that could end with duplicate error.

## Impact

Presence of duplicate tokens could result in loss of fund. user can withdraw number of times that the tokens are found in the array.

Though the duplicate tokens can be found and removed using the respective token removal functions, presence of duplicate tokens could cause major impact in short span of time.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L674-L688

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L708-L717

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Track the reward tokens details in an map additionally and check if same token is added or not while adding the reward tokens.
