joestakey

medium

# `_getPoolOhmShare()` should take into account `Balancer` exit fees

## Summary
The vault's claim on `OHM` in the Balancer pool does not take into account exit fees, breaking the `OHM` emissions calculations.

## Vulnerability Detail
`_getPoolOhmShare()`  calculates the vault's claim on `OHM` in the Balancer pool.
The issue is that it does not take into account the Balancer fee that will be deducted from this amount upon exiting the Balancer pool.

Looking at the `Balancer` exit pool call stack:

- [_joinOrExit()](https://github.com/balancer-labs/balancer-v2-monorepo/blob/63ffcf2018b02c038041540e4984bc6dd4a8c89c/pkg/vault/contracts/PoolBalances.sol#L108) -> [_callPoolBalanceChange()](https://github.com/balancer-labs/balancer-v2-monorepo/blob/63ffcf2018b02c038041540e4984bc6dd4a8c89c/pkg/vault/contracts/PoolBalances.sol#L132) -> [_processExitPoolTransfers()](https://github.com/balancer-labs/balancer-v2-monorepo/blob/63ffcf2018b02c038041540e4984bc6dd4a8c89c/pkg/vault/contracts/PoolBalances.sol#L204)
- The `amountsInOrOut` computed in `_callPoolBalanceChange()` takes into account the fee (` _getProtocolSwapFeePercentage()`).

## Impact
`_getPoolOhmShare()` returns an amount higher than the actual `OHM` the vault can receive. This means the `getOhmEmissions()` function will return a lower `emitted` value than what it should be: The net emission of `OHM` that this contract has emitted to the broader market is actually a bit lower. (And vice-versa, `received` is higher).
This can lead to issues for protocols relying on the return value of `getOhmEmissions()` to perform their logic, and overall impacts the `OHM` token supply.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/WstethLiquidityVault.sol#L274-L282

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
`_getPoolOhmShare()` should include the pool fees when computing the vault `OHM` claim.