Cryptor

medium

# User Funds could be locked if there is a large enough donation to the pool

## Summary
The functions deposit and withdraw have a requirement that the pool must be safe in order for the transaction to be executed (_isPoolsafe). The pool is deemed safe if the pool price falls within a threshold. However, the variable THRESHOLD that is used to calculate the lower and upper bound of the threshold cannot be higher than 1000. So a malicious user can make a direct deposit above the upperbound where THRESHOLD is at 1000, then the pool will be deemed unsafe and more importantly, user funds will be locked since the admin cannot increase the threshold any further.

## Vulnerability Detail

The following functions deposit and withdraw allow users to deposit and withdraw their token in return for LP tokens. However both functions will revert if the pool is deemed unsafe as shown here 

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L252-L261

Upon further inspection we can see that the isPoolsafe function uses a formula to determine whether the pool is safe 

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L411-L420

Here the function uses a formula to determine pool safety. In the formula it uses a variable THRESHOLD. The variable is defined in the admin only function setThreshold shown here 

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L793-L796

the variable PRECISION is fixed at 1000. This means that it if a malicious users makes a donation to the pool that is above the upperbound where THRESHOLD is the max, then the functions withdraw and deposit will revert and the admin cannot increase the threshold any higher.



## Impact

User funds will be locked since the deposit and withdraw functions will revert due to the pool being unsafe and the admin unable to mitigate the problem. If users have already made deposits to the pool, they will be unable to recover their funds

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L261

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L411-L420

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L793-L796



## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Since the admin is to be a trusted party, there is no need to have a threshold limit as that will limit the ability of the admin to address situations where the pool is deemed unsafe above the maximum THRESHOLD. 
