cducrest-brainbot

high

# cachedUserRewards is never cleaned

## Summary

The system uses `cachedUserRewards` as a cache of the amount of reward tokens a user was entitled to but did not withdraw. However, this value is never reset to 0 so a user with cached reward will receive these rewards on withdraws when a userRewardDebts is reset to 0.

## Vulnerability Detail

In `_withdrawUpdateRewardState`, if `claim_ == false`, the value of `userRewardDebts` for the user will not be updated and the check `rewardDebtDiff > userRewardDebts[msg.sender][rewardToken.token]` may pass (line 583). This will set the `userRewardDebts` to 0 and increase `cachedUserRewards` by its difference to `rewardDebtDiff`. 

On the next withdraw, the user will be entitled to receive its pending rewards as well as the cached reward based on the value of `cachedUserRewards`. The value of `cachedUserRewards` is not lowered afterwhile, that is not a problem in itself because `userRewardDebts` will be increased anyway by the amount of reward token sent, so it will take into account the cached value.

However, if the user repeats the operation multiple times, the value of `cachedUserRewards` will keep on growing and never lowers. After two times accruing cached rewards, and after the userRewardDebts is reset to 0 (line 584), the user will be able to claim rewards using `claimRewards()` and receive reward equal to the amount of token cached both the first and the second time.

Example:

- Users deposits pair tokens
- They are entitled to a reward
- They withdraw 10% of their deposit with `claim_ = false`
- This increases `cachedUserRewards` by 10% of their entitled reward
- They call `claimRewards()`, claiming all their rewards and adding the reward debt to `userRewardDebts`
- They wait for reward to accrue
- They withdraw 20% of their deposit with `claim_ = false` 
- Their `userRewardDebts` is reset to 0
- Their `cachedUserRewards` is increased by 20% of their entitled reward on top of the previous 10%
- They call `claimRewards()`, claiming all their pending rewards + cached rewards of 20% + cached rewards of 10%

They received the initial 10% cached rewards twice.

## Impact

Attackers can drain reward tokens from the contract.

## Code Snippet

cachedUserRewards is increased but never lowered:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L583-L590

cachedUserRewards are used in the calculation for amount of reward token the user is entitled to:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L354-L372

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Reset the value of `cachedUserRewards` on withdraw instead of adding it to the `userRewardDebts` value.
