0xbrett8571

medium

# Access Control in Base Single Sided Liquidity Vault Smart Contract.

## Summary
The contract uses the "OlympusRoles" contract to handle access control. However, it does not have any access control checks for sensitive functions such as 'setLimit', 'setThreshold', 'setFee', 'setExchange', 'activate', and 'deactivate'. Anyone who can call these functions can modify the smart contract's configuration, including fees, limits, thresholds, and exchange information.

## Vulnerability Detail
```solidity
 // Configuration values
    uint256 public LIMIT;
    uint256 public THRESHOLD;
    uint256 public FEE;
    uint256 public constant PRECISION = 1000;
    bool public isVaultActive;
```
Although these configuration values are public, there are no access control checks to restrict who can modify them. Anyone who can call the sensitive functions such as 'setLimit', 'setThreshold', 'setFee', 'setExchange', 'activate', and 'deactivate' can modify the smart contract's configuration.

The Olympus Base Single Sided Liquidity Vault Smart Contract has an access control vulnerability. It uses the OlympusRoles contract to handle access control, but the sensitive functions such as 'setLimit', 'setThreshold', 'setFee', 'setExchange', 'activate', and 'deactivate' do not have any access control checks. Any user who can call these functions can modify the smart contract's configuration, including fees, limits, thresholds, and exchange information. An attacker can exploit this vulnerability by calling these sensitive functions and modifying the smart contract's configuration.

## Impact
it allows any user to modify the smart contract's configuration. An attacker can modify the fees, limits, thresholds, and exchange information, which can lead to a loss of funds. If the fees are modified, it can result in the loss of funds for users who deposit liquidity in the smart contract. Additionally, if the limits are modified, it can result in a higher risk of impermanent loss for users.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L107-L112

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
should have access control checks for the sensitive functions such as 'setLimit', 'setThreshold', 'setFee', 'setExchange', 'activate', and 'deactivate'. Access control should only be granted to authorized users who need to modify the smart contract's configuration. The following changes can be made to the smart contract to mitigate this vulnerability:

* Add access control checks for the sensitive functions.
* Grant access control only to authorized users who need to modify the smart contract's configuration.
* Use multi-factor authentication for sensitive functions.