ronnyx2017

medium

# The Aura/Balancer community DAO's behavior of adding extra rewards can break the caveats around external reward token of the SSLV

## Summary
There are three caveats around external reward token of the SSLV https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L24-L27 :

- No internal reward token should also be an external reward token
- No pair token should also be an external reward token
- No pair, internal reward, or external reward tokens should be ERC777s or non-standard ERC20s

(I think there's a condition missing here, external reward token also should not be OHM token. Otherwise extra OHM tokens will be burned. This is explained in the impact section.)

These guarantee the invariant of the accounts for various tokens in the SSLV.

If any condition is not met, the SSLV will be compromised by the muddled accounts.

But the Aura/Balancer DAO can add extral rewards to the gauge which the SSLV is staking on. The reward token can not satisfy the above conditions. Regardless of whether the reward token is pushed to the `externalRewardTokens` array or not, the reward token will be sent to the SSLV along with the gauge claim reward function, which will severely affect the token accounting.

## Vulnerability Detail
The LP tokens minted by SSLV will be staking in the Aura pool. And the SSLV use the `_accumulateExternalRewards` function to claim the rewards from the aura pool:
```solidity
    function _accumulateExternalRewards() internal override returns (uint256[] memory) {
        uint256 numExternalRewards = externalRewardTokens.length;

        auraPool.rewardsPool.getReward(address(this), true);
```

The logic about aura pool rewards claim can be found in the `BaseRewardPool.getReward(address _account, bool _claimExtras)` function. It can have more than one extra rewards.
```solidity
        //also get rewards from linked rewards
        if(_claimExtras){
            for(uint i=0; i < extraRewards.length; i++){
                IRewards(extraRewards[i]).getReward(_account);
            }
        }
```
The extraRewards can be added by the Aura DAO (DAO community vote). Or, if the base BPT has a gauge, the extral rewards can be added by the Balancer DAO vote. And any one can use the `Booster.earmarkRewards` function of the Aura Booster to sync the rewards configuration from the balancer gauge and then add the extra rewards to the Aura pool.

## Impact
Here are two examples of exploit cases.

1. If any extra reward token is added by Aura/Balancer DAO, but it's not pushed into the `externalRewardTokens` array. Any rewards token will be sent to the SSLV when claim external rewards, but be stuck in the contract.

2. If the extra reward token added by DAO is the pair token or OHM token, when user cal the `SingleSidedLiquidityVault.deposit` function, it will cache the pair token and OHM balance before claim external rewards:
```solidity
        // Cache pair token and OHM balance before deposit
        uint256 pairTokenBalanceBefore = pairToken.balanceOf(address(this));
        uint256 ohmBalanceBefore = ohm.balanceOf(address(this));
        ...
        _depositUpdateRewardState();
```
So, the external rewards will be added into unusedPairToken or unusedOhm. The total external rewards will be sent to the caller, if extra reward token is the pair token. Or, the total external rewards will be burned, if extra reward token is the OHM token.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L204-L229

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/WstethLiquidityVault.sol#L192-L216

https://github.com/aurafinance/convex-platform/blob/lite/contracts/contracts/BaseRewardPool.sol#L296-L312

https://github.com/aurafinance/convex-platform/blob/lite/contracts/contracts/Booster.sol#L611-L677

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Separate the tokens related to the balancer LP and the external reward tokens into different vaults. For example, the Aura pool will create an individual vault contract named `VirtualBalanceRewardPool` to distribute extra rewards.