rvierdiiev

high

# User can claim all balance of reward tokens, because of issue in calculations

## Summary
User can claim all balance of reward tokens, because of issue in calculations
## Vulnerability Detail
`SingleSidedLiquidityVault.claimRewards` function allows user to claim external and internal tokens rewards.
It call similar functions in the loop in order to send rewards to claimer: _claimInternalRewards, _claimExternalRewards.

Let's check `_claimInternalRewards` function.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L623-L634
```solidity
    function _claimInternalRewards(uint256 id_) internal {
        address rewardToken = internalRewardTokens[id_].token;
        uint256 reward = internalRewardsForToken(id_, msg.sender);
        uint256 fee = (reward * FEE) / PRECISION;


        userRewardDebts[msg.sender][rewardToken] += reward;
        accumulatedFees[rewardToken] += fee;


        if (reward > 0) ERC20(rewardToken).safeTransfer(msg.sender, reward - fee);


        emit RewardsClaimed(msg.sender, rewardToken, reward - fee);
    }
```
This function calls `internalRewardsForToken` function which returns rewards amount that user can claim now.
Note, that this value is not in [e18 precision anymore](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L371), but `userRewardDebts` variable is.

Later, `userRewardDebts` is increased by `reward` amount in order to decrease amount that user can claim later.
But as i said the problem is that `userRewardDebts` is in e18 precision, while `reward` is not.

Because of that `userRewardDebts` is increased by much less value and claimer can claim again and again while he withdraws all balance of reward tokens.

## Impact
Lost of reward tokens for other claimers.
## Code Snippet
Provided above
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
You need to do it in this way.
`userRewardDebts[msg.sender][rewardToken] += reward * 1e18`