Met

high

# Inconsistent precision of rewards

## Summary
Rewards are mistakenly converted to wrong precision, breaking the whole rewards system.
## Vulnerability Detail

I will illustrate this using the userRewardDebts and how different precision is stored in it in different places.

I will use two families of variables for this. I will use variables with different values interchangeably - their value does not matter, only precision does.
Family one - accumulatedRewardsPerShare (ARPS).
Family two - pair tokens (LP). totalLP and lpPositions - they are assigned values from the same source so they must have the same precision. As in 
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L265-L266

As the system is broken, I don't know what the precision of these actually is, but it won't matter.

Typically, userRewardDebts is assigned values of the type LP * ARPS. One example:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L543-L545

But then there is this assignment
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L623-L628

It is assigned the output of internalRewardsForToken(). If we look what happens there:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L368-L371

It returns LP * ARPS / 1e18.

So in first place, LP * ARPS is assigned into userRewardDebts while in the other LP * ARPS / 1e18 is.

## Impact

Reward system is broken.

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
I would start by explicitly specifying the precision of each involved variable. Then fix it - which I think will require changes all over the code.