Bobface

medium

# `deposit()` and `withdraw()` make external calls after asserting the pool is balanced

## Summary
[`SingleSidedLiquidityVault`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol) performs external calls after checking that the liquidity pool is not imbalanced.


## Vulnerability Detail
[`deposit()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L187) and [`withdraw()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L252) check that the liquidity pool the vault interacts with is not imbalanced using [`_isPoolSafe()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L411) before performing any action. However, both methods make external calls to third-party contracts after the check, which could lead to the pool being imbalanced after the check is completed.

One of the external calls is `pairToken.safeTransferFrom()`. However, the contest description clearly states that `No pair, internal reward, or external reward tokens should be ERC777s or non-standard ERC20s`, which for the purpose of this report makes this interaction safe.

The second interaction is collecting external rewards from third-party protocols via
- for `deposit()`: `_depositUpdateRewardState()` -> `_accumulateExternalRewards()` 
- for `withdraw()`: `_withdrawUpdateRewardState()` -> `_accumulateExternalRewards()`

These methods collect external reward tokens from third-party protocols. If an attacker can gain code execution during this process through some functionality in the third-party contract, the pool can be imbalanced after `_isPoolSafe()` has been checked.

Gaining code execution does **not necessarily mean that an ERC777 or non-standard ERC20 token is used as reward token**, which the contest clearly states as out-of-scope. Instead, there could be a built-in feature in the third-party contract which allows a callback to be invoked on the attacker's contract. Or, more likely, the third-party contract is maliciously altered through a proxy upgrade or other means, specifically to target Olympus' `SingleSidedLiquidityVault`. This could happen through the third-party protocol itself being exploited by an external actor, or the changes being made on purpose by internal, authorised actors, i.e. proxy owners and admins. This especially is out of control for the Olympus team, even if the third-party contracts were thoroughly audited before being added as external reward contracts to the vault.

## Impact
Being able to make the vault enter and exit an imbalanced pool allows an attacker to drain the liquidity pool by depositing and withdrawing at highly manipulated prices, where the vault will mint and burn additional OHM at any price, and pay the profits to the attacker. 

## Recommendation
`deposit()` and `withdraw()` should check `_isPoolSafe()` after all external calls are complete. That means first calling `_depositUpdateRewardState()` and `_withdrawUpdateRewardState()`, and only then calling `_isPoolSafe()`.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Code Snippet
The PoC is omitted in this case since it is clearly visible that the vault makes external calls after checking the pool for safety. Furthermore, one of my other reports, `Liquidity pool funds can be stolen`, provides a PoC for a very similar issue, where manipulating the pool is demonstrated. In this case however, the pool could be manipulated significantly more, since the attacker would not have to adhere to `THRESHOLD`, and thus make a significantly larger profit.