kiki_dev

high

# Unbound loop can cause DOS in protocol

## Summary
There currently are unbound loops when removing a vault, claiming rewards, making deposits and withdraws. Becasue there are state changes in these loops as well as gas-inefficent incrementing in others. It is possible for these functions to revert making it impossible for users to deposit, withdraw and/or claim. As well as prevent admin from reoving vaults. 

## Vulnerability Detail
In the internal function `_accumulateExternalRewards() ` which is called inside of `claimRewards` there is an unbound loop that makes 5 calls to storage each itteration. With in `claimRewards()` there is another two unbound loops. the first being for internal rewards which makes 6 calls to storage  plus 1 transfer per iteration. The 3rd unbound loop is for external rewards this loop makes 14 calls to storage and 1 transfer per iteration.  

The main concern here is that this protocol does not have control over what external rewards are chosen or how many types of tokens will be rewarded. That is up to Aura and if they were to add another token to thier reward list the protocol would need to mirror that change immidiatly otherwise users will loose out on rewards. (See other submission). When Olympus adds a token thier loops get bigger and eventually will reach a point where they run out of gas whenever they are called.

 At this time Claiming will be impossible for users, which also means they wont be able to make withdraws without forfieting thier rewards. User funds will be locked in the contract. 

## Impact

All user funds can be locked. 

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L288-L304
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Recommendation is to add functionality that allows users to claim specifc tokens could work.  You could have the claim function be setup to perform in bathces, limiting how many tokens it will iterate through on a single transaction. 