kiki_dev

medium

# Alownence is not decreased after funds are returned

## Summary

Every time a user makes a deposit the specify the amount of pair tokens they want to deposit. Then the contract calculates how many ohm should be minted. then both pair token and ohm are sent to `wstEthLiquidityVault` where the function `_deposit()` makes some preperations for the tokens to be deposited into a liquidity pool on balancer. Part of this preperation includes approving the amount of pairToken being sent. However due to the nature of liquidity pools this full amount will likely not be used. Which means that the full approval will not be used either. This leftover approval grants balancer acces to x amount of funds from this contract. 

Typically funds should not be left in this contract because any unused tokens will be either burned or sent back to the user. However if for whatever pairTokens ended up in the contract a bad actor could steal those funds through  transferFrom function by balancer. 

Although the exploit would be very easy for an attacker to execute and would be able to do so on most every deposit made by the protocol. Becasue the chances of funds being left in the contract are low I see this as a medium. 

## Vulnerability Detail
Bad actor can take advantage of left over allowence and steal user funds. 
## Impact

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/WstethLiquidityVault.sol#L132
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-olympus/blob/main/src/policies/lending/abstracts/SingleSidedLiquidityVault.sol#L226

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

After a deposit is made allowence should be set to 0 to prevent any exploits. 